# 10 Ideas for ML Side Projects (6/8/2018)

Hello Everyone!

If you haven’t caught on, ML stands for Machine Learning and it’s the topic of this entire blog!

So I’m about to give you 10 of my many ML side project ideas! If you have questions about them, feel free to leave them in the comments! I’m just giving you brief overviews / topics. The details of such side-projects are what you all get paid for as Machine Learning Engineers! But if you want any advice on implementing them, I’d be happy to give you some more ideas!

If these ideas helped you think of any ideas of your own, feel free to share with the rest of us in the Comments section!

1. Censor my Internet – Chrome Extension (“This offends me”) and then use NLP to gather synonyms for those words.
1. Censor my Internet – Chrome Extension – use NLP and unsupervised algorithm to give a default censorship based on what offends most people.
1. Chatbot to generate Love Notes / Poems. (You can enter in things you like about the person, then it will adapt) -> NLP to train it on a bunch of Poems from the Public Domain (Copyright free) (It generates them for you and you approve/veto them and then it stores them for fun with you)
1. Generate Mad-Libs for you based on text you see on your Browser hahahaha (Chrome Extension)
1. Make a Google Voice Madlib game Clone
1. Recommend clothing based on training from Users. (Users choose things that they like and then you go from there)
1. Make a WoeBot clone (Google it if you don’t know the name)
1. Practice using Data Visualization Libraries to share what you find with ML Data Analysis 
1. System that tracks Sentiment of Interactions with Users to help determine a fulfillment/satisfaction score per customer (rate customer success and therefore your company’s success) –> Concern: Bias from Customers’s Bedside Manner?
1. Use Historical Data to Predict Bitcoin Prices