# 10 Ideas for What to Try Next (7/6/18)


Hello Everyone!

I just wanted to shake things up a bit by giving you some useful ideas for what to try next on your current Machine Learning side project, instead of offering ideas about new projects.

So, here they are!

1. Add/Get more training examples
1. Add more pictures, but make them just variants of the originals
1. Change out the representational model / model implementation
1. Change the parameters of the model
1. Try using subsets of your features (i.e. use less features, or be pickier about which features to include)
1. Try to do something similar to someone else’s project (think about it before doing this haha, don’t just copy strategies blindly. For your own sake!)
1. Manually look through the test/cv data points where the model misclassified / had a large error and look for possible patterns. Is the model misclassifying on a certain type of datapoint consistently?
1. Show your project to a friend, explain how it is going, and what you’ve done so far. See what he thinks! You might just discover an obvious problem while you are explaining and your friend might have some good insights for you!
1. Add features, or find a way to combine existing features to make them a little more complex
1. Do some diagnostics and figure out if you’re suffering from high bias or high variance. (Andrew Ng talks about this in [week 6 of his Machine Learning class](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/supplement/7BHrF/lecture-slides) on Coursera.com)
1. [BONUS] If you haven’t already, make sure to use a single numerical evaluation metric for deciding if the changes you are making or have made are increasing the performance of the model. If you don’t have a single numerical metric, you may find it hard and time-consuming to decide if the changes you’ve made to the model or project are worth keeping. (Andrew Ng also talks about this in [week 6 of his Machine Learning class](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/supplement/7BHrF/lecture-slides) on Coursera.com)