# 10 Ideas for ML Side Projects (6/1/2018)

Hello Everyone!

If you haven’t caught on, ML stands for Machine Learning and it’s the topic of this entire blog!

So I’m about to give you 10 of my many ML side project ideas! If you have questions about them, feel free to leave them in the comments! I’m just giving you brief overviews / topics. The details of such side-projects are what you all get paid for as Machine Learning Engineers! But if you want any advice on implementing them, I’d be happy to give you some more ideas!

1. Video Doorbell Camera with Person-Detection (Not original. Uses Computer Vision and Object Detection. This is an IoT application)
1. Create a in-door audio-recording device that keeps a running recording, so when there is a large amount of laughter, it snaps up the last minute of audio (whatever was so funny: a really funny joke) –There could be a LOT of problems with this one haha
1. Data Science: Compare performance of different S&P500 stocks
1. Make an AI to win in Chess (could use Reinforcement Learning)
1. Make an AI to win in Chess in specific endgame points (Knight+King vs King, etc)
1. Make a web-scraper and use Unsupervised Machine Learning Algorithms to categorize the websites you’ve scraped.
1. Make an Encouraging Chatbot for when you’re having a hard time with your Coding tasks
1. Try out DataRobot.com with your business (If you currently work at a company that could benefit from Investments in Data Science)
1. Try out Google’s Code labs for Artistic Style Transfer Applications
1. Try and Benchmark and compare the performance of Voice Assistants (Siri, Google Voice, Watson)